Scheduler: Update Editing and Templates demo descriptions (#31939)
DevExpress/DevExtreme: apps/demos/Demos/Scheduler/Editing/description.md

> Scheduler allows users to add, update, resize, drag, and delete appointments. To manage these operations, use the [editing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/editing/) object. In this demo, checkboxes below the Scheduler enable or disable each edit operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scheduler allows users to add, update, resize, drag, and delete appointments. To manage these operations, use the [editing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/editing/) object. In this demo, checkboxes below the Scheduler enable/disable each edit operation.
```

<!--split-->

> Each operation raises related events:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each operation raises corresponding events:
```

* [onAppointmentAdding](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#onAppointmentAdding) / [onAppointmentAdded](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#onAppointmentAdded)

* [onAppointmentDeleting](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#onAppointmentDeleting) / [onAppointmentDeleted](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#onAppointmentDeleted)

* [onAppointmentUpdating](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#onAppointmentUpdating) / [onAppointmentUpdated](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#onAppointmentUpdated)

> This demo uses event handlers to display a toast message after each edit operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo handles events to display a toast message after each edit operation.
```

> Double-click an appointment to open the edit form. You can customize the form, specify the popup settings, and rearrange form items as needed. For more details, see [Appointment Edit Form](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Scheduler/Appointment/Appointment_Edit_Form/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Double-click an appointment to open an edit form. You can customize the form, specify popup settings, and rearrange form items as needed. For additional information, review [Appointment Edit Form](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Scheduler/Appointment/Appointment_Edit_Form/).
```

> Scheduler allows users to add, update, resize, drag, and delete appointments. Double click to update an appointment. Open an appointment tooltip to update/delete. Double click an empty cell to add a new appointment.

Reviewer: Would it be ok if we organize this as a task-based list?

Scheduler allows users to manage CRUD operations:
- [ ] Edit (update) appointments: using the tooltip button, double-click or drag&drop the appointment
- [ ] Delete appointments: using the tooltip button
- [ ] Create new appointments: double-click an empty cell

Reviewer 2: Yeah, but I would like to rephrase your suggestion a touch to maintain technical accuracy:
```suggestion
Scheduler allows users to manage CRUD operations as follows:

- **Edit (update) appointments**: Double click an appointment or click an appointment tooltip to edit. Drag and drop an appointment to edit start and end times (without changing duration). Drag an appointment's edge to edit start or end times (and change the appointment's duration). 
- **Delete appointments**: Click the delete button within an appointment tooltip to delete.
- **Create new appointments**: Double click an empty cell to create a new appointment.
```

Reviewer: yeah, why not. Don't forget to add a hyphen: "double-click"
